hey everybody I'm lon Dogon welcome to
my kitchen today we're going to make
chocolate cheesecake flan it's a little
complicated but just keep up oko
triangle slow first you're going to
pre-heat your oven to 350 degrees and
then you're going to take a cup of sugar
white sugar and you're going to
caramelize it it sounds complicated but
it's not all you have to do is put the
sugar in a saucepan put it up on high or
medium whatever you feel comfortable
with and then just cook continue luces
stir it until it's about a golden brown
and liquidy you're going to put it in a
pit band that's what another thing that
makes this cheesecake different from the
other cheesecakes this is not a crust or
prefabricated crust it's okay can put in
here it will get hard if you let it
there of course minded so but it doesn't
matter because once you put in the oven
and it'll heat up again and feel nice
and liquidy i also have eight ounces of
cream cheese a half a cup of sugar 12
ounces of evaporated milk I'm melted
about six ounces of chocolate and I have
eggs and all you're going to do is put
in your back already know I like to make
it very first just blend this
I think we're okay
I'm going to toss everything else
okay you're just going to pour this over
your sugar and you're gonna put this in
the oven and bake for about an hour and
then take it out stick in your fridge or
you could serve it if you want it but I
would put it in the fridge and that's
about it I'm lindo gato and thanks for
watching